README.md, before:

Dynamic Multi-Table Search
This project is a dynamic multi-table search web application built with React, Vite, and Tailwind CSS. It allows users to view, search, and filter data from multiple tables.

Features
Multi-Table Display: View data from multiple sources in a single, organized interface.

Search Functionality: Search across all selected tables simultaneously using a single search box.

Table Selection: Choose which tables to include in the search and filtering process.

Advanced Filtering: Apply specific filters (e.g., dropdowns, number ranges) to narrow down search results.

CSV Upload: Users can upload their own CSV files to dynamically add new tables to the app.

Technologies Used
React: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.

Vite: A fast build tool that provides a rapid development experience.

Tailwind CSS: A utility-first CSS framework for building custom designs.

Local Setup
To run this project on your local machine, follow these steps:

Clone the Repository:

git clone https://github.com/monikabalram/multi_search_table.git
cd multi_search_table

Install Dependencies:
This command will install all the necessary packages listed in the package.json file.

npm install

Run the Development Server:
This command starts the Vite development server. The application will be available at http://localhost:5173.

npm run dev

Build for Production (Optional):
If you want to create a production-ready build of the application, run:

npm run build

This will generate a dist folder containing the optimized static files.

Commit message:

Added published site link to readme

README.md, after:

Dynamic Multi-Table Search
This project is a dynamic multi-table search web application built with React, Vite, and Tailwind CSS. It allows users to view, search, and filter data from multiple tables.

Features
Multi-Table Display: View data from multiple sources in a single, organized interface.

Search Functionality: Search across all selected tables simultaneously using a single search box.

Table Selection: Choose which tables to include in the search and filtering process.

Advanced Filtering: Apply specific filters (e.g., dropdowns, number ranges) to narrow down search results.

CSV Upload: Users can upload their own CSV files to dynamically add new tables to the app.

Technologies Used
React: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.

Vite: A fast build tool that provides a rapid development experience.

Tailwind CSS: A utility-first CSS framework for building custom designs.

Local Setup
To run this project on your local machine, follow these steps:

Clone the Repository:

git clone [https://github.com/monikabalram/multi_search_table.git]
cd multi_search_table

Install Dependencies:
This command will install all the necessary packages listed in the package.json file.

npm install

Run the Development Server:
This command starts the Vite development server. The application will be available at http://localhost:5173.

npm run dev

Build for Production (Optional):
If you want to create a production-ready build of the application, run:

npm run build

This will generate a dist folder containing the optimized static files.

Publish Site
You can view the live application here:
https://monikabalram.github.io/multi_search_table/
